cli/README.md, before:

# Diffusion-RS CLI

## Usage
```
cli.exe flux1schnell  "a lovely duck holding a sign says 'drink your water'" --random-seed --token YourHfHubToken
```
## Help
```
Usage: cli.exe [OPTIONS] --preset <PRESET> <PROMPT>

Arguments:
  <PRESET>  The preset to use [possible values: StableDiffusion1_4, StableDiffusion1_5, StableDiffusion2_1, StableDiffusion3Medium, StableDiffusion3_5Medium, StableDiffusion3_5Large, StableDiffusion3_5LargeTurbo, SDXLBase1_0, SDTurbo, SDXLTurbo1_0, Flux1Dev, Flux1Schnell, Flux1Mini, JuggernautXL11, Chroma, NitroSDRealism, NitroSDVibrant, DiffInstructStar, ChromaRadiance, SSD1B, Flux2Dev, ZImageTurbo, QwenImage, OvisImage, DreamShaperXL2_1Turbo, TwinFlowZImageTurboExp, SDXS512DreamShaper, Flux2Klein4B, Flux2KleinBase4B, Flux2Klein9B, Flux2KleinBase9B]
  <PROMPT>  The prompt to render

Options:
  -n, --negative <NEGATIVE>  Negative prompt
      --weights <WEIGHTS>    Optionally which type of quantization to use [possible values: F32, F16, Q4_0, Q4_1, Q5_0, Q5_1, Q8_0, Q8_1, Q2_K, Q3_K, Q4_K, Q5_K, Q6_K, Q8_K, IQ2_XXS, IQ2_XS, IQ3_XXS, IQ1_S, IQ4_NL, IQ3_S, IQ2_S, IQ4_XS, I8, I16, I32, I64, F64, IQ1_M, BF16, TQ1_0, TQ2_0, MXFP4, F8_E4M3]
  -s, --steps <STEPS>        Override the preset default number of inference steps
      --width <WIDTH>        Override the preset default width
      --height <HEIGHT>      Override the preset default height
  -b, --batch <BATCH>        Number of images to generate (default 1) [default: 1]
  -o, --output <OUTPUT>      Output Folder [default: ./]
  -p, --preview <PREVIEW>    Enable preview [possible values: fast, accurate]
  -t, --token <TOKEN>        Set Huggingface Hub token. Only used when downloading models that have not been cached before
  -l, --low-vram             Enable optimization for gpu with lower GB
  -r, --random-seed          Enable Random Seed: different runs will produce different results      
  -h, --help                 Print help
  -V, --version              Print version
  ```

Commit message:

fix(cli): enable flash attention when low-vram flag is set

cli/README.md, after:

# Diffusion-RS CLI

## Usage
```
cli.exe flux1schnell  "a lovely duck holding a sign says 'drink your water'" --random-seed --token YourHfHubToken
```
## Help
```
Usage: cli.exe [OPTIONS] --preset <PRESET> <PROMPT>

Arguments:
  <PRESET>  The preset to use [possible values: StableDiffusion1_4, StableDiffusion1_5, StableDiffusion2_1, StableDiffusion3Medium, StableDiffusion3_5Medium, StableDiffusion3_5Large, StableDiffusion3_5LargeTurbo, SDXLBase1_0, SDTurbo, SDXLTurbo1_0, Flux1Dev, Flux1Schnell, Flux1Mini, JuggernautXL11, Chroma, NitroSDRealism, NitroSDVibrant, DiffInstructStar, ChromaRadiance, SSD1B, Flux2Dev, ZImageTurbo, QwenImage, OvisImage, DreamShaperXL2_1Turbo, TwinFlowZImageTurboExp, SDXS512DreamShaper, Flux2Klein4B, Flux2KleinBase4B, Flux2Klein9B, Flux2KleinBase9B]
  <PROMPT>  The prompt to render

Options:
  -n, --negative <NEGATIVE>  Negative prompt
      --weights <WEIGHTS>    Optionally which type of quantization to use [possible values: F32, F16, Q4_0, Q4_1, Q5_0, Q5_1, Q8_0, Q8_1, Q2_K, Q3_K, Q4_K, Q5_K, Q6_K, Q8_K, IQ2_XXS, IQ2_XS, IQ3_XXS, IQ1_S, IQ4_NL, IQ3_S, IQ2_S, IQ4_XS, I8, I16, I32, I64, F64, IQ1_M, BF16, TQ1_0, TQ2_0, MXFP4, F8_E4M3]
  -s, --steps <STEPS>        Override the preset default number of inference steps
      --width <WIDTH>        Override the preset default width
      --height <HEIGHT>      Override the preset default height
  -b, --batch <BATCH>        Number of images to generate (default 1) [default: 1]
  -o, --output <OUTPUT>      Output Folder [default: ./]
  -p, --preview <PREVIEW>    Enable preview [possible values: fast, accurate]
  -t, --token <TOKEN>        Set Huggingface Hub token. Only used when downloading models that have not been cached before
  -l, --low-vram             Enable optimization to use less VRAM: clip_on_cpu, vae tiling, flash_attention, offload_params_to_cpu
  -r, --random-seed          Enable Random Seed: different runs will produce different results      
  -h, --help                 Print help
  -V, --version              Print version
  ```
